welcome back to movie reviews
today i'm going to show you a comedy
fantasy adventure film titled gulliver's
travels
spoilers ahead
watch out and take care
a man named lemuel gulliver wakes up in
his new york apartment and does his
daily morning routine
he talks to his superhero toys on a
shelf and dances and sings in the shower
gulliver works in the mail room of a new
york newspaper company that day he meets
a new employee named dan and befriends
him belliver is dan's boss in the
mailing department
as the two deliver their mail for the
day they come across gulliver's crush
named darcy silverman he has had a crush
on her for years but has never confessed
later that day dan brings out a notice
that says he has been promoted to head
of the mail department on his first day
gulliver has been working in the
facility for 10 years but no one
acknowledges him dan claims that
gulliver is scared to talk and will
never progress in life other than his
mail room job gulliver is walking out of
his office and notices darcy working
late he gathers up some courage and goes
to her office to ask her out however his
nerves get the best of him so instead he
picks up a random paper from her desk
and heads out darcy asks him if he wants
to apply for a travel writing assignment
a nervous gulliver agrees and has to
submit a travel blog the following day
at home he copies and pastes several
articles from the internet for the blog
the following day he submits it to darcy
who is impressed by his writing skills
and provides him with a new task
she wants him to travel to the bermuda
triangle and write an article about the
legends of the ships disappearing there
to impress her oliver agrees darcy
arranges a contact and a boat for him
gulliver flies to bermuda the very next
day where he is picked up by a man
he takes gulliver to a rented boat and
shows him how to use it the journey is
pretty simple as the boat is automated
gulliver sets sail for the bermuda
triangle alone
for the first few hours he enjoys
himself by reading how to build robot
magazines and drinking
he is suddenly hit by a huge storm and
swept up into a giant inverted whirlpool
before he is knocked unconscious
when he awakens he finds himself on the
island of lilliput tied to the ground
and surrounded by angry little men a
tenth of his size
he has been captured by general edward
and paraded through the streets of
lilliput to be brought before the royal
family king theodore queen isabel and
princess mary gulliver nicknamed the
beast by the lilliputians is kept in
chains in the island dungeon by the sea
where he meets and relates to another
prisoner horatio jailed for unlawful
courting of princess mary and previously
the tallest man on the island by a few
millimeters
soon gulliver is put to work plowing the
fields but the warning bells sound to
signal a blessing attack in which they
try to kidnap the princess and burn the
palace
brave and selfish general edward is off
to save the day but horatio knows he
cannot reach the princess in time and
begs villiver to help horatio breaks his
large friend free from his chains and
together they are off first gulliver
drops the enemy spies into the village
pond before he does the only thing he
can think to put out the flames in the
palace and save the king to take quite a
big leak
it works the flames are doused but he
doesn't endear himself to edward who
gets a good bath in the yellow stuff
the lilliputians throw a huge feast for
their protector and start work on
gulliver's dream house by the sea
life is pretty sweet for gulliver and
the islanders are amazed at the stories
about his life all scenes from famous
movies horatio makes a successful move
on the princess with gulliver's and the
artist help
when general edward finally finds
gulliver's ship bellover asks to stay
gulliver then gets a call from darcy and
she is furious with him about the
plagiarized paper that he wrote this is
the final straw for edward who is mad
that gulliver won't leave and he is
asked to take a break by the king
allowing gulliver to be promoted to the
new general hoping to regain his
position edward sabotages the island
defenses the bluff fusion launch a huge
cannonball attack and then their armada
approaches
gulliver is summoned he wades out into
the sea hoping to strike a truce with
the enemy the bluff russians instead
attack yet gulliver's gut absorbs all
the cannon fire and then like an elastic
band fires the metal back at the ships
gulliver picks up the guide ropes and
hauls the armada away further
strengthening his bond with the little
people of lilliput
in honor of gulliver they do as he
pleases building a replica of times
square giving him back massages and even
giving him haircuts back at the castle
edward and princess mary get into an
argument which causes edward to storm
off into the time square that they have
built for gulliver enraged he then
skulks off to the enemy with plans from
gulliver's book how to build a robot
edward returns to lilliput to challenge
gulliver to a duel inside a six feet
tall robot
he gives gulliver a giant wedgie as he
tries to run away and shows gulliver's
true colors gulliver is banished to the
island they don't talk about tied to a
huge raft while the bluff russians take
control of lilliput
meanwhile darcy has had to take the
writing assignment and is caught up in
the same storm and shipwrecked on the
island of lilliput she is captured by
general edward horatio escapes to find
gulliver and travels to the forbidden
island
gulliver awakes on the island they don't
talk about to find himself outside a
giant house he is snatched up by a
little but very tall girl and forced to
accept a new life as a doll inside a
giant doll's house
that night horatio finds gulliver and
encourages his friend to break free
using the parachute from a dead pilot
they jump from the house and float away
back to lilliput
gulliver finds darcy chained up in the
dungeons
he comes clean about his background and
his feelings for darcy she forgives him
full of courage now he breaks everyone
free and goes to challenge general
edward in a winner-takes-all rematch
they start battling but gulliver is
losing edward has him down and says he
has a new secret weapon electricity but
horatio bravely grabs a horse breaks his
way into the robot fights edward from
the inside and turns off the power to
the mighty weapon velvet then beats the
robot on the head a few times and then
gives him a robot wedgie sending him
back to sleep mode
the townspeople rejoice and horatio
confesses his love to princess mary
general edward captures the princess but
she punches him in the face then she
runs into the arms of horatio gulliver
then confesses his love for darcy once
again and they kiss
then the lillah put king and blefush and
leader square up to fight again so
gulliver asks war what is it good for
they join in with his song and everyone
is at peace again gulliver and darcy
then leave back to new york on the boat
that they first came on and they get
sucked back into the whirlpool once
again back in new york gulliver is now a
travel writer enjoying more time with
darcy dan from the mail room enters the
office with a new mail room attendant
and is firmly put in his place
as it ends we see glimpses of gulliver's
articles against the original jonathan
swift novel content make sure to
subscribe with post notifications on so
you can watch more videos like this
thanks for watching